Hi Waks! As promised, you can access the mockup here:
https://r3b2w.codesandbox.io/ Things aren't perfectly up to snuff here with regards to layout and animations and other things — rest assured I'm still working on those (animation's a particularly hard one). Core form is there for you guys to test out, including the complicated allocations and finance sections. Please also note that for the allocations section, the values have been hardcoded for testing. Play around with those to make sure they're to your liking!

Here are some notes re: development, known missing things (to be resolved asap), and concerns from my end:

- Are we assuming all fields are mandatory? Looking forward to when this is hooked up, should we only save data back to our server once all the fields are filled in?
- On the Name entry page, there is a prototype for showing incompleted fields. Try skipping over to the next field (with Tab or Enter) without typing anything in. Tell me if you guys like this route or want to go somewhere else with it!
- Also, Enter field changing is present in the Name section! Is this correct to you? Would you also want enter to change between the sections?
- For mobile phone and landlines, should we restrict phones to only be Philippine phones?
- I was looking at the Google form, and there were notes for removing certain sections if the company type selected was Sole Proprietorship or OPC. Can you help confirm which sections should be removed / modified for this?
- Also, thinking forward here: should a user choose to change their company type once other fields are filled out (such as the suffixes or shareholders), should we throw a warning to the user saying that data may be erased should they pick the new business type?
- There are inconsistencies with address requirements. Office addresses (according to Pass 7) require Country, Region, Province, Town/City, Barangay, Street, Unit No./House No., Building/Subdivision, Postal Zip code, while personal addresses only require Unit Number, Street, Barangay, City/State, ZIP Code. Can you confirm whether the differences are supposed to be there? Or to unify it into one format?
- Set a Meeting hasn't been filled out. My apologies, will fill that in. Was too focused on allocations!
- Financial Information: I've added the two new fields as found in the Google Spreadsheet. Should I also split out the fields into four different sections as laid out in the spreadsheet?
- Also, in Pass 7 there's a label for Authorized Capital. Should that still exist here? What's the calculation for that?
- Corporate Shareholders: In Pass 7, the names aren't shown as being editable. Are there missing screens that show where we're supposed to enter user names? (Sort of stuck on this, that's why form's prepopulated with two people to fill information on).
- Corporate Shareholders: You can click between the prefilled Maria Maquiling and Juan dela Cruz here.
- Corporate Shareholders: is the user who filled out the form supposed to appear here as well?
- Money matters: Fields and calculations are working for the most part! Ping me agad if any problems.
- Also, for the Shareholders: in the Google Form I see that there are supposed to be fields for Passport, Signature specimens, and more. Should those be included here?
- Looking forward: should we allow a user to save a Shareholder if fields are not filled out?
- Are there differences between Shareholders and Incorporators? (Terms change through the pass eh)
- Allocations: It works! Fields should automatically update. Note that I've filled in PHP 1,000,000 in paid-up capital, 1,000,000 shares, and par value of 1.00 to start. Please confirm that this works before I enable values from other screens to flow here.
